We feed our dogs fresh raw food that is made up of some kind of protein such as meat, fish poultry, etc., and fresh vegetables, mainly greens, a variety of fruit, oils, garlic, probiotics, and different forms of supplements. If you feed your dog a variety of food, supplements are optional. Our treats consist of dehydrated animal organs. You can now buy this kind of food pre-made from raw food companies or you can easily make it yourself or you can do a combination of both.

If you live in the country or near it, you can always approach a butcher in your area that is butchering off the hoof, (meaning he is starting with the whole animal) and see if he’d like to grind up parts of the animal he is discarding such as all the organs and off cuts that people do not eat. Most butchers would be happy to do this as they would be able to profit from what they are now discarding. If you can get the butcher to add tripe, (the lining of a cow’s stomach), it is very nutritious.

But we warn you, it is stinky. Smells like manure. The vegetables we add are mostly greens such as kale, collard greens, dandelion greens, broccoli, and green beans and we also add sweet potato sometimes. We use olive oil, cod liver oil, and salmon oil and we also feed whole fish cut up with the bone in, head, tail, and innards. They love it! If our dogs could talk I think they would say that fish is their favorite meal. You can also feed canned fish such as sardines and salmon.

We add garlic for flavor because it is known, not scientifically proven as yet, to help fend off fleas and ticks. Whole chicken backs are great because they are so inexpensive. Nobody eats them. Raw bone is good for their teeth and bones, and a chicken back will occupy your pup for a while as their teeth are not fully formed so they will mouth it into mush. NO cooked bones. These can splinter. But raw bones are very nutritious. All kinds of fruit are fine. Your dog will have his favorites. Some love bananas. Some will spit it out.

Most like pears and apples. Some like oranges. You will have to try them out. Berries are especially nutritious. We add these to our dogs’ food. If, for the most part, you are a healthy eater, cooked food is fine for your dog. It is why they joined humans in the first place. They smelled the food around the camp fire and came around, offering up their services in exchange for food. So feed them your leftovers in their dish. They smelled it cooking. Now they get to share in the bounty. It will further bond them to you.